You mean Zhang Yang transferred every restaurant to her.
It's simply the most atmospheric thing in the world.
Xiaoyu, when will you learn to talk nonsense?
I knew I would learn better by following rubbish.
You don't even use your brain. Mr. Zhang and the Song people have Song Gei as your sister.
She can't smell you. grandfather,
I'm doing a full set of acting.
You are a little good waiter, but why do you need to speak in words?
Grandpa, I asked quickly. The conditions are right.
These restaurants have been turned into fans, please sign.
So what happened to the Master who came to them?
Then the host has been given to someone else.
I call this my old mouth
I don't want to call me again